wiki/iOS-Compatibility.md, before:

# 📱 iOS Compatibility Guide

Complete guide for using your email signature on iPhone and iPad.

## ✅ iOS Compatibility Overview

Your email signature **works great on iOS**! Here's the complete compatibility breakdown:

| iOS Email App | HTML Support | Dark Mode | Installation |
|---------------|--------------|-----------|--------------|
| **Apple Mail** | ✅ Full | ✅ Yes | ✅ Easy |
| **Outlook Mobile** | ✅ Good | ✅ Yes | ✅ Easy |
| **Gmail App** | ⚠️ Limited | ⚠️ Partial | ⚠️ Via web |
| **Yahoo Mail** | ✅ Works | ❌ No | ✅ Moderate |

---

## 📲 Installation Methods

### Method 1: Apple Mail via iCloud Sync (Recommended)

**Best for:** iPhone & iPad users with a Mac

**Steps:**

1. **Set up on Mac first:**
   - Follow [Installation Guide](Installation-Guide)
   - Install signature in Apple Mail on macOS
   - Signature saved to iCloud

2. **Automatic sync to iOS:**
   - Signature appears automatically on iPhone/iPad
   - No additional setup needed ✅
   - Works across all devices

3. **Verify on iOS:**
   - Open Mail app on iPhone
   - Compose new email
   - Signature should appear automatically

**Advantages:**
- ✅ Easiest method
- ✅ Perfect formatting
- ✅ Automatic updates
- ✅ Consistent across devices

---

### Method 2: Direct Setup on iPhone/iPad

**Best for:** iOS-only users without a Mac

**Steps:**

1. **Open signature file:**
   - Visit your repository on iPhone
   - Open `signature.html` in Safari
   - Or email the file to yourself

2. **Select and copy:**
   - Tap and hold on the signature
   - Tap "Select All"
   - Tap "Copy"

3. **Add to Mail settings:**
   - Go to **Settings** → **Mail** → **Signature**
   - Tap in signature field
   - Tap and hold → **Paste**
   - Close settings (saves automatically)

**Note:** Some formatting may be simplified by iOS Mail.

---

### Method 3: Outlook Mobile

**For Microsoft Outlook app on iOS:**

1. **Open Outlook app**
2. Tap your **profile icon** (top left)
3. Tap **Settings** (⚙️ gear icon)
4. Tap your **email account**
5. Tap **Signature**
6. Paste your signature

**Recommendation:** Use `signature-simple.html` for best compatibility.

---

### Method 4: Gmail App

**Important:** Gmail app on iOS doesn't support custom HTML signatures directly.

**Workaround:**

1. **Set up on desktop:**
   - Go to Gmail.com in a browser
   - Settings → Signature
   - Set up your signature

2. **Syncs to mobile:**
   - Signature appears in Gmail app
   - Works when composing on iOS

**Alternative:** Use plain text version on mobile.

---

## 🎨 iOS-Specific Features

### What Works Great on iOS

#### ✅ Responsive Design
- Automatically adjusts to screen size
- Perfect on iPhone (all sizes) and iPad
- Touch-optimized link targets
- Readable text at all zoom levels

#### ✅ Dark Mode Support (iOS 13+)
- Automatic logo switching
- Respects system dark mode setting
- Colors adjust for readability
- Seamless light/dark transition

#### ✅ Interactive Links
```
📧 Email link → Opens Mail app
📱 Phone link → Triggers call
🌐 Website → Opens in Safari
```

All links are touch-friendly and properly formatted.

#### ✅ Fast Loading
- Cloudflare CDN optimized for mobile
- Images cached after first load
- Works offline (cached version)
- No performance issues

---

## 📊 iOS Version Compatibility

| iOS Version | Apple Mail | Dark Mode | HTML Support | Recommendation |
|-------------|-----------|-----------|--------------|----------------|
| **iOS 15+** | ✅ Excellent | ✅ Full | ✅ Complete | ⭐ Best |
| **iOS 13-14** | ✅ Excellent | ✅ Full | ✅ Complete | ✅ Great |
| **iOS 11-12** | ✅ Good | ❌ No | ✅ Good | ⚠️ Works |
| **iOS 10 or older** | ⚠️ Basic | ❌ No | ⚠️ Limited | ❌ Upgrade |

**Minimum recommended:** iOS 13 (for dark mode support)

---

## 🔍 Testing Your Signature on iOS

### Testing Checklist

Before deploying, verify on actual iOS device:

#### Visual Check
- [ ] Logo displays correctly
- [ ] Text is readable (not too small)
- [ ] Spacing looks good
- [ ] Colors are appropriate
- [ ] No layout issues

#### Functionality Check
- [ ] Email link opens Mail app
- [ ] Phone link triggers call dialog
- [ ] Website link opens Safari
- [ ] All links are tappable

#### Dark Mode Check (iOS 13+)
- [ ] Enable dark mode in Settings
- [ ] Logo switches to dark version
- [ ] Text remains readable
- [ ] Colors adapt properly

#### Performance Check
- [ ] Signature loads quickly
- [ ] Images appear fast
- [ ] No lag when composing
- [ ] Works on cellular data

---

## 💡 iOS Best Practices

### ✅ Do This:

1. **Use Apple Mail** - Best HTML support on iOS
2. **Set up via Mac** - Easiest with iCloud sync
3. **Test on actual device** - Emulator isn't accurate
4. **Keep it concise** - Mobile screens are smaller
5. **Use HTTPS** - Required for external images
6. **Optimize logos** - Keep under 100KB
7. **Test dark mode** - On iOS 13+

### ❌ Avoid This:

1. **Complex CSS** - Gets stripped by iOS Mail
2. **Hover effects** - Not applicable on touch devices
3. **Large images** - Slow on mobile networks
4. **JavaScript** - Not supported in email
5. **External fonts** - May not load properly
6. **Fixed widths** - Breaks responsive design
7. **Tiny text** - Hard to read on mobile

---

## 🔧 iOS Troubleshooting

### Issue: Signature looks different on iOS

**Problem:** Formatting changes when sent from iPhone

**Causes:**
- iOS Mail strips some CSS
- Inline styles modified
- Font substitution

**Solutions:**

1. **Use signature-simple.html:**
   ```
   This version has minimal styling
   Better compatibility with iOS
   ```

2. **Set up on Mac first:**
   ```
   Install in macOS Mail
   Sync via iCloud
   Don't edit on iOS
   ```

3. **Lock signature file (Mac):**
   ```
   Prevents iOS from modifying it
   See Installation Guide
   ```

---

### Issue: Logo not showing on iPhone

**Problem:** Broken image icon appears

**Possible Causes:**
1. External images blocked
2. Not on WiFi/cellular data
3. Wrong URL in signature
4. Cloudflare not deployed

**Solutions:**

✅ **Check Mail settings:**
```
Settings → Mail → Load Remote Images
Should be: ON
```

✅ **Verify Cloudflare URL:**
```
Test directly in Safari:
https://your-url.pages.dev/assets/logo-light.png
Should display logo
```

✅ **Check network:**
```
Try on WiFi first
Then test on cellular
Some networks block external content
```

✅ **Re-add signature:**
```
Delete old signature
Add fresh one
Restart Mail app
```

---

### Issue: Dark mode not switching on iOS

**Problem:** Same logo in light and dark mode

**Causes:**
- iOS version too old (< 13)
- Email app doesn't support dark mode
- Missing logo-dark.png

**Solutions:**

1. **Check iOS version:**
   ```
   Settings → General → About
   Need iOS 13 or newer for dark mode
   ```

2. **Verify both logos exist:**
   ```
   cloudflare-pages/assets/
   ├── logo-light.png ✅
   └── logo-dark.png ✅
   ```

3. **Test system dark mode:**
   ```
   Settings → Display & Brightness → Dark
   Open Mail app
   Signature should adapt
   ```

4. **App-specific support:**
   ```
   Apple Mail: ✅ Full support
   Outlook: ✅ Supported  
   Gmail: ⚠️ Limited
   ```

---

### Issue: Can't paste signature on iPhone

**Problem:** Paste option doesn't work or formatting lost

**Solutions:**

1. **Use iCloud sync instead:**
   ```
   Set up on Mac
   Automatic to iPhone
   Best method
   ```

2. **Try Safari (not Chrome):**
   ```
   Open HTML file in Safari
   Safari preserves formatting better
   ```

3. **Clear signature field first:**
   ```
   Settings → Mail → Signature
   Delete existing content
   Then paste new signature
   ```

4. **Use simplified version:**
   ```
   Try signature-simple.html
   Less formatting to preserve
   ```

---

### Issue: Links not working on iOS

**Problem:** Tapping links doesn't do anything

**Solutions:**

1. **Check link format:**
   ```html
   Email: href="mailto:info@josvisserict.nl" ✅
   Phone: href="tel:+31612415990" ✅
   Web: href="https://josvisserict.nl" ✅
   ```

2. **Test in sent email:**
   ```
   Compose test email
   Send to yourself
   Links should work in received email
   ```

3. **Verify default apps:**
   ```
   Settings → Mail → Default apps
   Set Mail, Phone, Safari as defaults
   ```

---

### Issue: Signature too large on iPhone

**Problem:** Signature appears oversized

**Solutions:**

1. **Logo size check:**
   ```
   Logo should be max 180px wide
   Auto-scales on mobile
   ```

2. **Text size:**
   ```
   14px is optimal for mobile
   Already set in signature
   ```

3. **View as recipient:**
   ```
   Send email to yourself
   View on iPhone as recipient
   Appears normal size
   ```

---

## 📱 iPad-Specific Notes

### iPad Differences

**Larger Screen:**
- Signature displays same as desktop
- More room for content
- Better for editing

**Safari Full Browser:**
- Can set up signatures directly
- Better HTML support
- Desktop-like experience

**Split View:**
- Can reference instructions while setting up
- Easier than iPhone for first-time setup

**Apple Pencil:**
- Not needed for signature setup
- But can help with precision

---

## 🌐 Mobile Browser Compatibility

### Testing in Mobile Browsers

**Safari (iOS):**
- ✅ Best for viewing HTML
- ✅ Full CSS support
- ✅ Use for setup

**Chrome (iOS):**
- ✅ Good compatibility
- ⚠️ Paste may lose formatting
- ✅ Good for viewing

**Firefox (iOS):**
- ✅ Works well
- ✅ Alternative to Safari

**Recommendation:** Use Safari on iOS for best results.

---

## 🔄 Updating Signature on iOS

### When You Make Changes

**If using iCloud sync:**
1. Update signature on Mac
2. Wait 5-10 minutes
3. Signature updates on iPhone automatically

**If set up directly on iOS:**
1. Delete old signature
2. Paste new version
3. Test before using

**Recommendation:** Always use Mac + iCloud sync for easiest updates.

---

## 📊 Performance on iOS

### Loading Times

**First Load:**
- WiFi: < 1 second
- Cellular (4G): 1-2 seconds
- Cellular (3G): 2-4 seconds

**Cached Load:**
- Instant (< 0.1 seconds)
- Works offline

**Optimization Tips:**
- Keep logos under 100KB ✅
- Use Cloudflare CDN ✅
- PNG format optimized ✅

---

## 🔐 Privacy & Security on iOS

### iOS Mail Privacy Protection

**iOS 15+ Privacy Features:**
- Hides IP address
- Loads images privately
- No tracking pixels work

**What This Means:**
- ✅ Your signature still works
- ✅ Images load normally
- ✅ No analytics possible (good!)
- ✅ Privacy-first design

**Our Approach:**
- No tracking in signature ✅
- No analytics cookies ✅
- Simple image loading ✅
- Respects user privacy ✅

---

## 📋 iOS Quick Reference

### Common Actions

| Task | Location | Action |
|------|----------|--------|
| Add signature | Settings → Mail → Signature | Paste |
| Enable images | Settings → Mail → Load Remote Images | ON |
| Dark mode | Settings → Display & Brightness | Dark |
| Default mail app | Settings → Mail → Default Mail App | Mail |
| Manage accounts | Settings → Mail → Accounts | Select |

### Keyboard Shortcuts (External Keyboard)

- **⌘ + N** - New email
- **⌘ + Shift + D** - Send email
- **⌘ + W** - Close compose

---

## 🎯 iOS Recommendations

### Best Configuration

**For Apple Mail Users:**
```
✅ Set up on Mac first
✅ Enable iCloud sync
✅ Use iOS 13+ for dark mode
✅ Allow external images
✅ Keep Mail app updated
```

**For Other Email Apps:**
```
✅ Use signature-simple.html
✅ Test on actual device
✅ Verify links work
✅ Check on WiFi and cellular
```

---

## 📚 Related Pages

- [Installation Guide](Installation-Guide) - Desktop setup
- [Troubleshooting](Troubleshooting) - Common issues
- [Quick Start Guide](Quick-Start-Guide) - Get started fast

---

## ✅ iOS Checklist

Before using your signature on iOS:

- [ ] iOS 13 or newer (for dark mode)
- [ ] Apple Mail app installed
- [ ] iCloud account set up
- [ ] Mail sync enabled
- [ ] Load remote images ON
- [ ] Logos uploaded to Cloudflare
- [ ] Cloudflare URL updated in signature
- [ ] Signature set up on Mac (if available)
- [ ] Tested on actual iOS device
- [ ] Dark mode tested
- [ ] Links tested (email, phone, web)
- [ ] Sent test email to verify

---

## 🎉 Summary

Your email signature is **fully compatible with iOS**!

**Key Points:**
- ✅ Works perfectly on iPhone and iPad
- ✅ Full support in Apple Mail
- ✅ Dark mode on iOS 13+
- ✅ Touch-optimized links
- ✅ Fast loading via CDN
- ✅ Easy setup via iCloud sync

**Best Method:** Set up on Mac → Syncs to iOS automatically!

---

**Questions?** See [Troubleshooting](Troubleshooting) or [Installation Guide](Installation-Guide)

Commit message:

Finalize wiki updates - GitHub Setup en iOS Compatibility
- Update GitHub-Setup.md met huidige deployment configuratie
- Verwijder verouderde GitHub Actions instructies (niet nodig)
- Update iOS-Compatibility.md met Brand Kit links
- Voeg mobile Brand Kit access toe aan iOS guide
- Update repository beschrijving met Brand Kit en multi-language
- Simplificeer deployment info (Cloudflare auto-deploy via Git)
- Focus op actuele, werkende setup
- Verwijder onnodige configuratie instructies

wiki/iOS-Compatibility.md, after:

# 📱 iOS Compatibility Guide

Complete guide for using the Jos Visser ICT email signature on iPhone and iPad.

## ✅ iOS Compatibility Overview

Your email signature **works great on iOS**! Optimized for mobile with 90×90px logo.

**Brand Kit:** https://static.josvisserict.nl (also works on mobile!)

Here's the complete compatibility breakdown:

| iOS Email App | HTML Support | Dark Mode | Installation |
|---------------|--------------|-----------|--------------|
| **Apple Mail** | ✅ Full | ✅ Yes | ✅ Easy |
| **Outlook Mobile** | ✅ Good | ✅ Yes | ✅ Easy |
| **Gmail App** | ⚠️ Limited | ⚠️ Partial | ⚠️ Via web |
| **Yahoo Mail** | ✅ Works | ❌ No | ✅ Moderate |

---

## 📲 Installation Methods

### Method 1: Apple Mail via iCloud Sync (Recommended)

**Best for:** iPhone & iPad users with a Mac

**Steps:**

1. **Set up on Mac first:**
   - Follow [Installation Guide](Installation-Guide)
   - Install signature in Apple Mail on macOS
   - Signature saved to iCloud

2. **Automatic sync to iOS:**
   - Signature appears automatically on iPhone/iPad
   - No additional setup needed ✅
   - Works across all devices

3. **Verify on iOS:**
   - Open Mail app on iPhone
   - Compose new email
   - Signature should appear automatically

**Advantages:**
- ✅ Easiest method
- ✅ Perfect formatting
- ✅ Automatic updates
- ✅ Consistent across devices

---

### Method 2: Direct Setup on iPhone/iPad

**Best for:** iOS-only users without a Mac

**Steps:**

1. **Open Brand Kit on iPhone:**
   - Visit: https://static.josvisserict.nl
   - Scroll to "Email Signature" section
   - Tap and hold to select signature
   - Tap "Copy"

2. **Or use local file:**
   - Email `signature-final.html` to yourself
   - Open on iPhone
   - Tap and hold → Select All → Copy

3. **Add to Mail settings:**
   - Go to **Settings** → **Mail** → **Signature**
   - Tap in signature field
   - Tap and hold → **Paste**
   - Close settings (saves automatically)

**Note:** iOS Mail works well with this signature! Mobile-optimized 90×90px logo.

---

### Method 3: Outlook Mobile

**For Microsoft Outlook app on iOS:**

1. **Open Outlook app**
2. Tap your **profile icon** (top left)
3. Tap **Settings** (⚙️ gear icon)
4. Tap your **email account**
5. Tap **Signature**
6. Paste your signature

**Recommendation:** Use `signature-simple.html` for best compatibility.

---

### Method 4: Gmail App

**Important:** Gmail app on iOS doesn't support custom HTML signatures directly.

**Workaround:**

1. **Set up on desktop:**
   - Go to Gmail.com in a browser
   - Settings → Signature
   - Set up your signature

2. **Syncs to mobile:**
   - Signature appears in Gmail app
   - Works when composing on iOS

**Alternative:** Use plain text version on mobile.

---

## 🎨 iOS-Specific Features

### What Works Great on iOS

#### ✅ Responsive Design
- Automatically adjusts to screen size
- Perfect on iPhone (all sizes) and iPad
- Touch-optimized link targets
- Readable text at all zoom levels

#### ✅ Dark Mode Support (iOS 13+)
- Automatic logo switching
- Respects system dark mode setting
- Colors adjust for readability
- Seamless light/dark transition

#### ✅ Interactive Links
```
📧 Email link → Opens Mail app
📱 Phone link → Triggers call
🌐 Website → Opens in Safari
```

All links are touch-friendly and properly formatted.

#### ✅ Fast Loading
- Cloudflare CDN optimized for mobile
- Images cached after first load
- Works offline (cached version)
- No performance issues

---

## 📊 iOS Version Compatibility

| iOS Version | Apple Mail | Dark Mode | HTML Support | Recommendation |
|-------------|-----------|-----------|--------------|----------------|
| **iOS 15+** | ✅ Excellent | ✅ Full | ✅ Complete | ⭐ Best |
| **iOS 13-14** | ✅ Excellent | ✅ Full | ✅ Complete | ✅ Great |
| **iOS 11-12** | ✅ Good | ❌ No | ✅ Good | ⚠️ Works |
| **iOS 10 or older** | ⚠️ Basic | ❌ No | ⚠️ Limited | ❌ Upgrade |

**Minimum recommended:** iOS 13 (for dark mode support)

---

## 🔍 Testing Your Signature on iOS

### Testing Checklist

Before deploying, verify on actual iOS device:

#### Visual Check
- [ ] Logo displays correctly
- [ ] Text is readable (not too small)
- [ ] Spacing looks good
- [ ] Colors are appropriate
- [ ] No layout issues

#### Functionality Check
- [ ] Email link opens Mail app
- [ ] Phone link triggers call dialog
- [ ] Website link opens Safari
- [ ] All links are tappable

#### Dark Mode Check (iOS 13+)
- [ ] Enable dark mode in Settings
- [ ] Logo switches to dark version
- [ ] Text remains readable
- [ ] Colors adapt properly

#### Performance Check
- [ ] Signature loads quickly
- [ ] Images appear fast
- [ ] No lag when composing
- [ ] Works on cellular data

---

## 💡 iOS Best Practices

### ✅ Do This:

1. **Use Apple Mail** - Best HTML support on iOS
2. **Set up via Mac** - Easiest with iCloud sync
3. **Test on actual device** - Emulator isn't accurate
4. **Keep it concise** - Mobile screens are smaller
5. **Use HTTPS** - Required for external images
6. **Optimize logos** - Keep under 100KB
7. **Test dark mode** - On iOS 13+

### ❌ Avoid This:

1. **Complex CSS** - Gets stripped by iOS Mail
2. **Hover effects** - Not applicable on touch devices
3. **Large images** - Slow on mobile networks
4. **JavaScript** - Not supported in email
5. **External fonts** - May not load properly
6. **Fixed widths** - Breaks responsive design
7. **Tiny text** - Hard to read on mobile

---

## 🔧 iOS Troubleshooting

### Issue: Signature looks different on iOS

**Problem:** Formatting changes when sent from iPhone

**Causes:**
- iOS Mail strips some CSS
- Inline styles modified
- Font substitution

**Solutions:**

1. **Use signature-simple.html:**
   ```
   This version has minimal styling
   Better compatibility with iOS
   ```

2. **Set up on Mac first:**
   ```
   Install in macOS Mail
   Sync via iCloud
   Don't edit on iOS
   ```

3. **Lock signature file (Mac):**
   ```
   Prevents iOS from modifying it
   See Installation Guide
   ```

---

### Issue: Logo not showing on iPhone

**Problem:** Broken image icon appears

**Possible Causes:**
1. External images blocked
2. Not on WiFi/cellular data
3. Wrong URL in signature
4. Cloudflare not deployed

**Solutions:**

✅ **Check Mail settings:**
```
Settings → Mail → Load Remote Images
Should be: ON
```

✅ **Verify Cloudflare URL:**
```
Test directly in Safari:
https://your-url.pages.dev/assets/logo-light.png
Should display logo
```

✅ **Check network:**
```
Try on WiFi first
Then test on cellular
Some networks block external content
```

✅ **Re-add signature:**
```
Delete old signature
Add fresh one
Restart Mail app
```

---

### Issue: Dark mode not switching on iOS

**Problem:** Same logo in light and dark mode

**Causes:**
- iOS version too old (< 13)
- Email app doesn't support dark mode
- Missing logo-dark.png

**Solutions:**

1. **Check iOS version:**
   ```
   Settings → General → About
   Need iOS 13 or newer for dark mode
   ```

2. **Verify both logos exist:**
   ```
   cloudflare-pages/assets/
   ├── logo-light.png ✅
   └── logo-dark.png ✅
   ```

3. **Test system dark mode:**
   ```
   Settings → Display & Brightness → Dark
   Open Mail app
   Signature should adapt
   ```

4. **App-specific support:**
   ```
   Apple Mail: ✅ Full support
   Outlook: ✅ Supported  
   Gmail: ⚠️ Limited
   ```

---

### Issue: Can't paste signature on iPhone

**Problem:** Paste option doesn't work or formatting lost

**Solutions:**

1. **Use iCloud sync instead:**
   ```
   Set up on Mac
   Automatic to iPhone
   Best method
   ```

2. **Try Safari (not Chrome):**
   ```
   Open HTML file in Safari
   Safari preserves formatting better
   ```

3. **Clear signature field first:**
   ```
   Settings → Mail → Signature
   Delete existing content
   Then paste new signature
   ```

4. **Use simplified version:**
   ```
   Try signature-simple.html
   Less formatting to preserve
   ```

---

### Issue: Links not working on iOS

**Problem:** Tapping links doesn't do anything

**Solutions:**

1. **Check link format:**
   ```html
   Email: href="mailto:info@josvisserict.nl" ✅
   Phone: href="tel:+31612415990" ✅
   Web: href="https://josvisserict.nl" ✅
   ```

2. **Test in sent email:**
   ```
   Compose test email
   Send to yourself
   Links should work in received email
   ```

3. **Verify default apps:**
   ```
   Settings → Mail → Default apps
   Set Mail, Phone, Safari as defaults
   ```

---

### Issue: Signature too large on iPhone

**Problem:** Signature appears oversized

**Solutions:**

1. **Logo size check:**
   ```
   Logo should be max 180px wide
   Auto-scales on mobile
   ```

2. **Text size:**
   ```
   14px is optimal for mobile
   Already set in signature
   ```

3. **View as recipient:**
   ```
   Send email to yourself
   View on iPhone as recipient
   Appears normal size
   ```

---

## 📱 iPad-Specific Notes

### iPad Differences

**Larger Screen:**
- Signature displays same as desktop
- More room for content
- Better for editing

**Safari Full Browser:**
- Can set up signatures directly
- Better HTML support
- Desktop-like experience

**Split View:**
- Can reference instructions while setting up
- Easier than iPhone for first-time setup

**Apple Pencil:**
- Not needed for signature setup
- But can help with precision

---

## 🌐 Mobile Browser Compatibility

### Testing in Mobile Browsers

**Safari (iOS):**
- ✅ Best for viewing HTML
- ✅ Full CSS support
- ✅ Use for setup

**Chrome (iOS):**
- ✅ Good compatibility
- ⚠️ Paste may lose formatting
- ✅ Good for viewing

**Firefox (iOS):**
- ✅ Works well
- ✅ Alternative to Safari

**Recommendation:** Use Safari on iOS for best results.

---

## 🔄 Updating Signature on iOS

### When You Make Changes

**If using iCloud sync:**
1. Update signature on Mac
2. Wait 5-10 minutes
3. Signature updates on iPhone automatically

**If set up directly on iOS:**
1. Delete old signature
2. Paste new version
3. Test before using

**Recommendation:** Always use Mac + iCloud sync for easiest updates.

---

## 📊 Performance on iOS

### Loading Times

**First Load:**
- WiFi: < 1 second
- Cellular (4G): 1-2 seconds
- Cellular (3G): 2-4 seconds

**Cached Load:**
- Instant (< 0.1 seconds)
- Works offline

**Optimization Tips:**
- Keep logos under 100KB ✅
- Use Cloudflare CDN ✅
- PNG format optimized ✅

---

## 🔐 Privacy & Security on iOS

### iOS Mail Privacy Protection

**iOS 15+ Privacy Features:**
- Hides IP address
- Loads images privately
- No tracking pixels work

**What This Means:**
- ✅ Your signature still works
- ✅ Images load normally
- ✅ No analytics possible (good!)
- ✅ Privacy-first design

**Our Approach:**
- No tracking in signature ✅
- No analytics cookies ✅
- Simple image loading ✅
- Respects user privacy ✅

---

## 📋 iOS Quick Reference

### Common Actions

| Task | Location | Action |
|------|----------|--------|
| Add signature | Settings → Mail → Signature | Paste |
| Enable images | Settings → Mail → Load Remote Images | ON |
| Dark mode | Settings → Display & Brightness | Dark |
| Default mail app | Settings → Mail → Default Mail App | Mail |
| Manage accounts | Settings → Mail → Accounts | Select |

### Keyboard Shortcuts (External Keyboard)

- **⌘ + N** - New email
- **⌘ + Shift + D** - Send email
- **⌘ + W** - Close compose

---

## 🎯 iOS Recommendations

### Best Configuration

**For Apple Mail Users:**
```
✅ Set up on Mac first
✅ Enable iCloud sync
✅ Use iOS 13+ for dark mode
✅ Allow external images
✅ Keep Mail app updated
```

**For Other Email Apps:**
```
✅ Use signature-simple.html
✅ Test on actual device
✅ Verify links work
✅ Check on WiFi and cellular
```

---

## 📚 Related Pages

- [Installation Guide](Installation-Guide) - Desktop setup
- [Troubleshooting](Troubleshooting) - Common issues
- [Quick Start Guide](Quick-Start-Guide) - Get started fast

---

## ✅ iOS Checklist

Before using your signature on iOS:

- [ ] iOS 13 or newer (for dark mode)
- [ ] Apple Mail app installed
- [ ] iCloud account set up
- [ ] Mail sync enabled
- [ ] Load remote images ON
- [ ] Logos uploaded to Cloudflare
- [ ] Cloudflare URL updated in signature
- [ ] Signature set up on Mac (if available)
- [ ] Tested on actual iOS device
- [ ] Dark mode tested
- [ ] Links tested (email, phone, web)
- [ ] Sent test email to verify

---

## 🎉 Summary

Your email signature is **fully compatible with iOS**!

**Key Points:**
- ✅ Works perfectly on iPhone and iPad
- ✅ Full support in Apple Mail
- ✅ Dark mode on iOS 13+
- ✅ Touch-optimized links
- ✅ Fast loading via CDN
- ✅ Easy setup via iCloud sync

**Best Method:** Set up on Mac → Syncs to iOS automatically!

---

**Questions?** See [Troubleshooting](Troubleshooting) or [Installation Guide](Installation-Guide)
